Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
A SUMMER DRESS
Do you love me?
Oh shut up!
[ ♪ BANG BANG' - SHEILA ♪ ]
♪ Back when we were only ten. ♪
♪ we played one game again and again ♪
♪ Cops and robbers till it got dark. ♪
♪ you always shot me in the heart ♪
♪ BANG BANG! You killed me ♪
♪ BANG BANG! I'm falling ♪
♪ And the sound of it ♪
♪ BANG BANG! ♪
♪ I never will forget ♪
♪ You and I grew up together ♪
♪ Seems to me we loved each other ♪
♪ But your only passions lay ♪
♪ in those boyish games we played ♪
♪ BANG BANG! ♪
♪ You had your fun ♪
♪ You were the one ♪
♪ BANG BANG! ♪
♪ and you can bet ♪
♪ I never will forget ♪
[MUSIC OFF]
- What's wrong?
- I need peace!
I'm sick of your fag songs...
The neighbors are watching.
Relax. we're on vacation.
Fuck the neighbors!
[MUSIC ON]
OK. you win.
See you later.
♪ Then one day when we were grown. ♪
♪ all along we should have known ♪
♪ Love would come and take the place ♪
♪ of the games we used to play. ♪
♪ but one day another came ♪
♪ She stole your heart. no one's to blame ♪
♪ You never could lie to me ♪
♪ You went with her. I set you free ♪
♪ BANG BANG! You went away ♪
♪ BANG BANG! I'm here to stay ♪
♪ BANG BANG! The sound of it ♪
♪ BANG BANG! I never will forget ♪
[WOMAN'S VOICE]¿Tenéis fuego?
What?
Got a light?
Mind if I sit down?
Isn't it beautiful here?
Yeah. it's calm.
How old are you?
18. And you?
Me too. 18.
On vacation with your family?
- At the campground?
- That's it.
How is it?
It's pretty cool.
Wanna come to the woods?
What for?
I want to make love.
Want to?
I don't know!
C'mon!
But my things...
They won't go anywhere!
Here's a good spot.
Come here.
Ever done it before?
It's great. you'll see.
Want me to do it?
Now come closer...
What's wrong?
Some guy's watching...
Forget it. Close your eyes.
- Cigarette?
- Sure.
Wait. I left my lighter on the beach.
You had one all along!
But I wanted some of your fire!
You know. I lied to you too.
Really?
It wasn't my first time.
Well. it was. with a girl.
You're gay?
No! I mean. I'm on vacation
with a friend. and sometimes...
For a gay boy
you're a pretty good lay!
Where's my stuff?
I think it's been stolen.
How will I get home?
I'm naked!
I'll lend you something...
Let's see. not that...
All I've got is a dress.
- A dress!
- Naturally.
It'll be alright. you've got your bike.
If you pedal fast.
no one will know the difference.
- I can't go home in a dress!
- It's the dress or nothing!
Hey wait up...
Slow down...
I'll fall!
At least no one took the bike.
Who'd want this crappy bike?
Bring me the dress tomorrow morning
before I leave.
No kiss goodbye?
What happened to you?
How do I look?
Where'd you get that dress?
Don't you think I'm a pretty girl?
- Did the neighbors see you?
- Fuck the neighbors!
♪ Back when we were only ten. ♪
♪ we played one game again and again ♪
♪ Cops and robbers till it got dark. ♪
♪ you always shot me... ♪
♪ ...in the heart ♪
[ ♪ BANG BANG' - SHEILA ♪ ]
My boat's leaving.
I brought your dress.
Oh. keep it.
You might need it again.
[MUSIC CONTINUES]
[MUSIC FADES]
HAPPY NEW YEAR 2000
[DISTANT CAR HORN]
You alright?
Whatever.
What's wrong?
The ants are invading.
[PIANO MELODY]
TRUTH OR DARE
Truth or dare?
Dare... no. truth!
Ever made out with a girl?
Yeah.
- Liar!
- Screw you!
Truth or dare?
Dare!
Kiss Rose on the mouth.
Shit. that's rough!
I didn't say with tongues!
Sorry. but I couldn't resist.
- Truth?
- No. dare!
Make out for 5 seconds.
No. 10 seconds! With Paul.
1... 2... 3...
4... 5... 6...
7... with the tongue! 8...
9... and 10.
Truth or dare?
Dare.
Ok. lick my foot.
That's dumb.
Your turn.
Truth or dare?
Truth.
You ever slept with a guy?
Yeah.
- Liar!
- Were you even there?
- So who was it?
- Calm down. girls!
Your turn.
Rose. truth or dare?
Truth.
When you were with Rémy.
did you go out with Mathieu?
- Answer. please!
- The answer's no.
Don't forget you chose truth.
"Were you even there?"
Anyway... Rémy. truth?
You wanna do it with her?
No way!
Truth or dare?
Dare.
Fondle Paul's dick through his pants.
Is he big?
Shut up.
Truth or dare?
Dare please.
Touch tongues with Paul for 5 seconds.
In your dreams!
- No...
- C'mon. that's the rules...
So dumb...
1... 2... 3...
4... 4 and a quarter.
4 and a half... 5.
Chill out. I don't have AIDS!
Rose... truth or dare?
Dare.
Put your hand in Hélène's pants
and tell us how it smells.
Jerk. You've got the mental age
of a four year old.
Gross!
It's gonna stink like piss...
[PIANO CHORDS]
[SOMBRE PIANO MELODY. OCEAN WAVES]
SEE THE SEA
[BABY CRYING]
I'm coming Siofra!
Siofra!
Darling. look!
Sioff'. look!
I'll make you a bottle and
then I'll come back. ok?
[CRYING CONTINUES]
[CRYING STOPS]
It's alright. you come with me.
Shall we go and get your bottle?
Take this.
May I speak to Mr Noyer?
Thank you.
Hello. Paul Noyer. please.
His wife.
Do you know where I can reach him?
I've been trying
for several days now.
Yes. I know.
Ask him to call me
when you speak to him.
He has the number.
Thank you.
Look Siofra.
You can see the sea. Look.
Up! Come on. stand up!
Good girl!
Good girl.
Your arms...
It's alright. We're at the seaside.
Shall we go down to the sea?
Let's go! We're ready!
Straight down here.
Look at the water!
Good girl!
Come here. come to me.
Come on. Good girl!
Good girl!
Come on. good girl!
Get the nice and wet sand. look.
Here we go. One. two. three...
Good girl. Look there we go.
Here we go.
That's a good girl.
Anyone home?
I'll be back in a minute.
I'm looking for a place to crash
on the island.
[BABY CRYING]
Sorry. this isn't a hotel.
Yeah. but you have a big yard...
Excuse me. my baby's in the bath.
Come on. Come on!
It's yours?
Why yes! My daughter.
Siofra.
So I was saying.
you've got a big yard.
Maybe I could pitch my tent.
It's my husband's property.
He's away. I'd have to ask him.
When is he back?
I'm not sure.
he's stuck at work in Paris.
The camp site is full.
you have lots of land.
you two are alone here...
I won't bother you.
Do you breast-feed?
She's on the bottle now.
How old is she?
Ten months.
Go ahead and pitch
your tent over there.
Thanks. I'll keep out of your way.
How long will you stay?
2 or 3 days.
Here we go.
It's alright.
You'll have a lovely sleep.
Here's your star!
Goodnight!
Good evening.
My fridge is full.
It's silly for you to eat out here.
Would you like to come in for dinner?
Sure.
Great.
I'll go and fix something.
Would you like more wine?
Don't be so formal.
Okay.
Where did you come from?
I was working as a nanny
on the coast.
I got fed up and wanted a change.
so l came here.
It's quiet and not many people.
- You travel a lot?
- That's all I do.
I can't stay put more than 4 days.
Alone?
I hate group tours.
Don't you get scared?
I do the scaring.
It's funny.
I was like you.
When I was an au pair in Paris.
I got bored and took off hitchhiking
with a crazy friend.
Once. we were in Tunisia.
walking along a country road.
Suddenly. night fell.
It got completely dark.
We started getting cold.
We heard wolves howling
in the woods.
We were really scared. lost.
no one around. nothing.
Suddenly. we heard bells.
Something brushed against our legs.
It was sheep. And a shepherd.
So we asked him if he knew
where we could sleep.
He invited us to his place.
We got to his house.
It was totally dark.
He led us into a big room.
There were cushions everywhere.
It was so dark in there.
He locked us in and left.
We thought.
he's gone to get his friends.
They're going to come back
and rape us!
So then...
we heard footsteps...
we didn't dare say a word...
we were holding hands.
barely breathing.
He opened the door.
He was alone.
He motioned for us to follow him.
We followed in silence.
Suddenly we see before us
a room filled with candles.
And there on the table...
a feast fit for a king!
Sheep's heads boiling
in a giant pot.
His two wives and all
his children were there.
So we sat down with them
and ate until dawn.
It seems so long ago now.
You don't travel anymore?
Yes. but...
with a husband and child
it's not the same.
You miss it?
I'm happy...
Want some herbal tea?
I prefer coffee.
Good morning!
I made breakfast.
Hello.
[CHOIR SINGING]
More?
You have the spoon.
Hold it the other way round.
Sleep well?
Nah. the ground was hard.
Coffee?
Say hello!
Hello!
- Orange juice?
- No. thanks.
You can use the bathroom
if you want.
I'll be right back.
[BABY CRYING]
Good girl.
- Did you have a bath?
- Yeah.
I need to go out.
Would you mind watching Siofra?
Great.
I'll go get ready. I won't be long.
I'll see you soon my darling.
You have a lovely time.
Bye bye!
♪ Once there was a little ship ♪
♪ That had never taken a trip ♪
♪ Hey ho hey ho sailor... ♪
♪ Sailor sail across the water ♪
Look. see what I've done?
I'm just getting undressed. Look!
What do you see?
Some guys fucking.
I can't see them.
They're in the woods.
Put on your suit.
I've got sunblock.
Anyway. I'm bored. I'm leaving.
- Already?
- Yeah. Later.
Okay. see you later.
We're back from the beach!
Are you there?
So you're back?
How was the beach?
Oh. it was... good.
Can you pass me the towel?
Can you take her?
It's alright!
Here.
Siofra.
I'll make you nice and warm.
You hold that.
What a lovely baby.
How was it giving birth?
Great.
Didn't it hurt?
Of course.
Did you have an epidural?
No.
Why not?
It was my first time. I wanted
to really experience the pain...
...know how it felt.
Did you like it?
I think I did.
Did you have an episiotomy?
Why do you ask?
No reason. Curiosity.
I didn't need it. I tore naturally.
From where to where?
A bit everywhere.
To the anus?
Some shit out the pussy after.
I've never heard that.
Sure. if the wall between the vagina
and the rectum tears.
It can get infected.
They sew you up?
Did you shit during delivery?
If you keep asking these questions.
you'll never want a baby.
I already had one.
You?
Where is it?
It is dead.
I'm sorry. I...
That's okay. I had it aborted.
[PHONE RINGS]
Ah. it's you!
Yes... How are you?
Very well.
Siofra's fine.
Tomorrow?
I miss you too.
I love you too.
Your husband?
Yes. He'll be here tomorrow.
What time?
On the 10 o'clock boat.
I'll leave before then.
There's no need.
You'll see. he's nice.
You can sleep inside if you like.
Okay.
This way.
- This all right?
- Yeah.
- Well. goodnight then.
- Goodnight.
50 francs.
- Thanks. Enjoy your stay.
- Thank you.
Honey!
It's me.
Anyone in there?
[FLIES BUZZING]
[BABY CRYING]
[SHIP HORN]
[SHIP'S ENGINE. WATER CHURNING]
THE LITTLE DEATH
The day I was born.
my father was away on business.
My mother sent him my picture.
He said:
"This monster can't be my son.
He's too ugly.
There must be a mistake."
But it was me.
Martial?
Huh?
- How do I look?
- What's with you?
Be honest. Am I ugly?
Hideous.
That's why you're in my bed.
Why?
Do you want to trade places...
...and let me photograph you?
- Is it set at 60?
- Yeah. trust me.
C'mon. don't take all night.
I told you. not until I come!
OK. my love. Hurry up.
[CAMERA CLICKS]
Shit! She's here.
Come in.
- You're not ready!
- How observant of you.
Hello.
This is Martial. a... friend.
My sister Camille.
Hello.
Sorry.
Give me 2 minutes to get dressed.
These are nice.
- What are they?
- Oh. those?
That's your brother's specialty.
Photographing men while they come.
Are they faking it?
No. There's no point otherwise.
Look at this one here.
See?
I've got a little drop of sperm
on my cheek.
How charming!
Well I'm not surprised.
Even when he was little he...
- I hope he pays you!
- Why should he?
We live together.
that's enough for me.
And you?
What do you do?
I took over my father's business.
It's going well. thank you.
Can we go now?
Bye.
Where did you dig that one up?
Listen Camille.
if you're going to make snide remarks...
I won't come.
- I'm sorry. but...
- No buts!
That's how it is. OK?
I can't even ask about your lover
without you getting mad.
Still mad?
About what?
Martial.
Of course not. I don't care.
Good.
So what have you been up to?
I dunno.
Nothing special.
Still as silent as ever!
Well what do you want me to say?
I dunno... Tell me about your life.
what you're doing...
...your new photographs.
Listen. Camille.
I don't feel like talking to you.
Not right now.
OK. fine. I get it. I'll shut up.
Look. Camille...
You go. I can't do this.
Are you kidding me?
Make an effort!
It's been 6 years.
I can't.
Look. I know it isn't easy...
but don't you think it's a shame
to go now.
when he's right behind this door?
Go!
- Hi Dad.
- Hello darling.
Everything ok?
Look who I brought.
Hello. sir.
But Dad...
Paul!
Paul...
I can explain...
What now?
He's very ill.
He's losing his mind.
- Don't be angry with him.
- For what?
For not recognizing me?
I'm used to it by now.
Bye!
Tickets please.
Sir. your ticket.
I don't have one.
Well. that'll be 150 francs.
I don't have any money.
Then it's 270 francs.
I.D.. please.
This isn't you.
Take off your glasses.
Oh shit. my mistake.
These are Martial's jeans.
You're getting off at the next stop.
Here you go.
This could happen to anyone!
My father just died.
Oh so you're back now?
So? How did it go?
Good.
Well tell me!
Leave me alone.
I just made dinner.
Want some?
No.
Has he been asleep long?
Yes. he should wake up soon.
[BEEPING OF HEART MONITOR]
What are you doing!?
Have you lost your mind?
Oh. it's the Perfect Daughter!
She's such a saint!
Give it back.
You're a selfish pig!
You've got no respect!
You only care about
your stupid photos.
Do you ask a baby
before taking its photo?
No.
What are you on about?
I'm not in the mood.
I've had enough.
This can't go on.
What?
The way you're acting.
You won't talk to me.
you won't eat.
You don't want me to touch you.
Do I turn you off or what?
I'm not hungry.
Do you want to leave?
I dunno.
"I dunno".
You never know.
Make a fucking effort.
- You take and never give.
- Stop it.
Tell me what's wrong.
I don't know.
Hello?
Oh yes. hello.
Here he is.
It's your sister.
Camille?
You alright?
When?
No I can't.
Please don't insist. Bye.
So?
My father is dead.
When did it happen?
She didn't say.
During the night. I guess.
How old was he?
60 something.
You should have come.
I hate funerals.
Yeah. you're right.
It was a drag... too hot out.
It's nicer in bed with Martial.
What's your point?
Nothing at all!
I get it. Paul!
Dad couldn't stand you.
He thought you were a jerk.
Why spend a boring day
with your bourgeois family?
After all. they hate gays!
Speaking of which...
Your guy's a good lay. huh?
You wear me out. Camille.
- What's your deal?
- What deal?
Everything's fine over here.
No problems. got that?
You're the one with the problem.
Look at you.
For 10 years you've sulked like
a misunderstood martyr.
Give it a rest for once.
Come on. talk to me!
There's nothing to say.
You're delirious.
Right. I'm delirious!
Am I the nutcase who photographed
my naked father on his deathbed?
I know you won't talk to me.
and you don't want to listen.
But let me tell you...
you're not the only one
who's suffering.
It was hard for me. too.
Working with him was good.
I was happy. but sometimes...
it was suffocating.
I thought about you.
I admired you breaking ties.
creating your own life...
being free.
You're happy with Martial.
I can see it.
He loves you.
As for my love life...
It's just one big fiasco.
Pretty dumb. huh?
I always wished
I could talk to you about it.
Why am I telling you all this?
You couldn't care less.
No.
You know. Dad woke up
while you were taking pictures.
Oh yeah?
You didn't notice?
No.
Anyway. it made him happy.
You were finally
photographing your family.
I know you want nothing from him.
But he wanted me to give you these.
They're his favorite photos.
I've never seen them.
He took them on his travels.
[TRAIN DOORS CLOSING]